Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2020 American science fiction action horror
film called 'Underwater'.
The film is directed by William Eubank.
The story follows a group of employees on
a drilling facility at the bottom of the ocean.
While they are in the deep ocean waters, they
come into contact with dangerous unidentified
creatures, after the facility is destroyed
by an earthquake.
Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so
please proceed with caution.
A powerful earthquake strikes Kepler 822,
a Tian Industries research and drilling station
near the Mariana Trench's bottom.
As the quake destroys parts of the facility,
mechanical engineer Norah Price and her coworkers
Rodrigo and Paul make their way to the escape
pod bay.
However, when the three arrive, they discover
that all of the escape pods have already been
released, with Captain Lucien being the only
person in the vicinity.
They arrive at a control base and discover
scientist Emily Haversham and engineer Liam
Smith, who are unable to communicate with
the surface.
Lucien proposes walking one mile across the
ocean floor to Roebuck 641 and attempting
to resurface from there using pressurised
suits.
Rodrigo's faulty helmet implodes under the
water pressure as they descend in a freight
elevator.
Smith and Paul go to investigate when the
remaining crew notices a distress beacon from
one of the escape pods below.
When they arrive, they discover a corpse in
the ruins.
A monster rises from the rear of the corpse
and strikes.
Smith dispatches the monster and brings it
inside.
Haversham studies the creature and discovers
that it is a previously unknown species.
The five navigate their way to the ocean floor,
when Kepler bursts above them, nearly burying
them in debris.
Smith is injured, but Price and Lucien come
to his aid.
They pass via an access tunnel and arrive
at an intermediate station, where they may
charge and clean their suits.
Smith's oxygen scrubber, on the other hand,
has been severely damaged by the debris.
Paul is ambushed by an unknown monster while
passing via the access tunnel, pulled underwater,
and murdered.
Before leaving the access tunnel, the crew
discovers that Smith's broken oxygen pod would
cause him to suffocate from the poisonous
gases of the explosion.
Price, Lucien, and Haversham agree to assist
Smith in walking since they do not want to
leave another crew member behind.
The four head out over the ocean floor, but
Smith is dragged into a cave by a humanoid
monster.
Lucien frees Smith, but is separated from
the other three.
Price is pulled along with Lucien, but Lucien
sacrifices himself to keep Price safe from
the growing pressure disparity.
Price finds herself alone at the abandoned
Shepard station.
She searches Lucien's locker and discovers
a pentagram sketched on an old schematic of
the original drilling location.
Price is able to repair her broken diving
suit before continuing on her way to Roebuck.
She reunites with Haversham and Smith while
walking down the ocean floor and assists in
the drag of Smith.
They try to slip past a nest of humanoid monsters
dangling from the ceiling as they enter Roebuck.
The animals are awakened by the sound of Haversham's
oxygen alarm.
Price gets half eaten by one of the creatures,
but she frees herself by killing it with her
flare pistol while inside its body.
She launches another flare into the distance
and discovers that the creatures are the offspring
of an old gigantic entity known as Cthulhu.
When the three get at the escape pod bay,
Price learns that only two of the pods are
operational.
Price and Haversham load the sick Smith into
a pod, and Price convinces Haversham to take
the final one.
In the meanwhile, Cthulhu appears and assaults
the Roebuck, while the lesser monsters follow
the two escape pods.
Accepting her fate, Price causes an overcharge
of the nuclear core of the Roebuck, leading
in a huge explosion that destroys her, Cthulhu,
and the monsters.
The escape pods make it safely to the surface.
Tian Industries has refused to cooperate with
the inquiries into the events and is planning
to extend its drilling activities.
There is also an alternate ending, in which
they overload the core.
Price finds her way to the broken escape pod
and rewires it, leaving just as the Roebuck
explodes.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.